docs: v0.3 restructure (Diátaxis) with v0.2 redirects (#115)
platform-mesh/platform-mesh.github.io: concepts/control-planes.md

That means existing Kubernetes clients and controller patterns still apply, but the resources describe service requests, bindings, account state, and provider integrations rather than pods on a workload cluster.

## Workspaces in Platform Mesh

Platform Mesh uses kcp workspaces to provide isolated Kubernetes-compatible API surfaces for accounts, providers, consumers, and marketplace-related flows.

The important Platform Mesh idea is:

- account boundaries map to control-plane boundaries
- provider APIs are published from provider spaces
- consumer accounts bind provider APIs into their own workspaces
- Platform Mesh components reconcile across those spaces while preserving authorization boundaries

The Account is the Platform Mesh abstraction. The workspace is the kcp mechanism that gives the account its isolated API surface and authorization boundary.

## Workspace hierarchy

> Workspaces are hierarchical. Platform Mesh can use that hierarchy to represent organizational and account structure while keeping API resources isolated at each level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workspaces are hierarchical. Platform Mesh uses that hierarchy to represent organizational and account structure while keeping API resources isolated at each level.
```

```mermaid
graph TD
    Root["root"]
    Root --> Providers["providers"]
    Root --> OrgA["org-a"]
    Root --> OrgB["org-b"]

    Providers --> HttpBinProvider["httpbin-provider"]
    Providers --> MongoProvider["mongodb-provider"]

    OrgA --> TeamA["team-a"]
    OrgA --> TeamB["team-b"]

    OrgB --> TeamC["team-a"]
    OrgB --> TeamD["team-b"]
```

A workspace has a path, such as `:root:org-a:team-a`. This avoids name conflicts between branches and gives platform owners a way to map organizational structure into the control plane.

> kcp workspace types can define which APIs are available by default and which parts of the hierarchy are allowed in a given area. Platform Mesh can use that to separate provider spaces, consumer account spaces, and marketplace or registry spaces without making every workspace identical.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kcp workspace types allow defining which APIs are available by default and which parts of the hierarchy are allowed in a given area. Platform Mesh uses that to separate provider spaces, consumer account spaces, and marketplace or registry spaces without making every workspace identical.
```

Reviewer: Though the second half of the sentence is a bit off. I think it should be more something like `Platform Mesh utilizes workspace types to template workspaces for organisations, accounts and providers` or something to that degree.
